I'm flattered, it's a trivial matter
Sure enough, it's a good wine.
By the way, Brother Gu
I heard that the inorganic shopkeeper
Although looking at the sky
But it's very mysterious
Even many kingdoms
Never knew his real name
Never seen a face
That's right, don't say other kings
Even in the international hall
Except for the elders and some old people
The rest includes me
I don't even know the owner's name or face
The most powerful force in the world
Possessing limitless power and wealth
Such a man is truly fascinating
Same man
Why is the difference so big?
Some people are high and powerful
casually
You can get what others dream of
And some people have to rely on women to support them
Mu Yan, let's be classmates
There's something I have to say.
You are now the focus of the international superstar camera
Popular with thousands of fans
But there is such a boyfriend who has achieved nothing
Not only can he not treat your family
Is there any help?
If it gets out
I'm afraid your star will be affected
This woman
Choosing a man is like a second reincarnation
You see, I chose Zifeng.
Such a rich boyfriend
That's not what you want.
Look at Gu Qing again
At a young age, it is already only one side long
Xiao Wuji compared to them
It's totally different.
I'll forget it.
What kind of status is this brother Gu?
Compare Xiao Wuji with him
Is that an insult to Brother Gu?